README.md, before:

<h1 align='center'>Email Signature Generator for Nureply</h1>

<br>
<br>
<br>

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://nureply.com/">
    <img src="assets/Nureply/logo-white-bg.png" alt="Logo" width="240" height="70">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">
    An awesome email signature generator tool!
  </h3>
</div>

<br>
<br>
<br>

![email_signature_gif](https://github.com/nureply/email-signature/blob/main/assets/email-signature-tool.gif)

<br>
<br>

## Table Of Content

- [About](#about)
- [Why?](#why)
- [Built With](#built-with)
- [Project Overview](#project-overview)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Supported Email Providers](#supported-email-providers)
- [Project Status](#project-status)
- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
- [Project Team](#project-team)
- [License](#license)

## About

This is a project that aims to create an email signature generator for Nureply, which will be a free auxiliary tool to create professional email signatures. It has various inputs and ables customizations of them.

## Why?

Email signature generator tool is a valuable tool for individuals and organizations looking to enhance professionalism, maintain brand consistency, and streamline the process of creating and managing email signatures. It offers several benefits that contribute to more effective communication and branding in the digital world.

## Built With

The project team uses the following resources for the project:

- [![Next][Next.js]][Next-url]
- [![React][typescript]][typescriptp-url]
- [![Zustand][zustand]][zustand-url]
- [![Tailwind][tailwind]][tailwind-url]

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Project Overview

The project consists of the following components:

- Choose a Template
- Customize the Style
- Settle on the Design
- Integrate with Your Email

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

You need to have following prerequisites.

- Node.js 16.14 or later

### Installation

_Please follow the below instructions to install and setup the tool._

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/nureply/email-signature-generator.git
   ```
2. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
3. Run the app in development mode
   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Usage

You can follow below steps to learn how to use the tool.

#### Info

- You can start with clicking `start now` button

#### Step 1

- Select one of the layouts or continue with plaintext.
- Click next to continue next step.

#### Step 2

- Add your image url
- Change image size
- Add your personal information
- Add your social media links
- Click next to continue next step.

#### Step 3

- Select a custom font
- Change Font size
- Change icon size
- Change name, text, email and link color
- Click `copy` button
- Paste your signature to your email provider's signature section.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Supported Email Providers

- [x] Outlook
- [x] Yahoo
- [ ] Gmail

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Project Status

The project is completed in (??.??.2023) in a span of (?) months. The project team met every work day to discuss the progress, challenges, and plans for the next day. The project team also communicated regularly through the process.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Roadmap

- [x] Outlook compatibility
- [x] Yahoo compatibility
- [ ] Gmail compatibility

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Project Team

The project team is composed of three talented interns and two experienced mentors from the Nureply:

#### Interns

- **Onur Doğan**: Onur is a senior software engineering student at Çankaya Üniversitesi in Ankara, Türkiye.

- **Ege Oruç**: Ege is a computer engineering student at Özyeğin Üniversity in İstanbul, Türkiye.

- **Hasan Uğur Ertem**: Hasan is a Management Information Systems student at Medipol Üniversity in Ankara, Türkiye.

#### Mentors

- **Ayberk Uman**: Ayberk is bringing valuable industry experience to the team. He provides guidance and support to ensure the success of the project.

- **Ozan İşgör**: Ozan not only offers guidance but also actively contributes to the project's development.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## License

The project is licensed under the MIT License.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->

[Next.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white
[Next-url]: https://nextjs.org/
[typescript]: https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-358EF1?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white
[typescriptp-url]: https://www.typescriptlang.org/
[tailwind]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white
[tailwind-url]: https://tailwindcss.com/
[zustand]: https://img.shields.io/badge/zustand-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB
[zustand-url]: https://zustand-demo.pmnd.rs/

Commit message:

UPDATE: readme project team & project status

README.md, after:

<h1 align='center'>Email Signature Generator for Nureply</h1>

<br>
<br>
<br>

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://nureply.com/">
    <img src="assets/Nureply/logo-white-bg.png" alt="Logo" width="240" height="70">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">
    An awesome email signature generator tool!
  </h3>
</div>

<br>
<br>
<br>

![email_signature_gif](https://github.com/nureply/email-signature/blob/main/assets/email-signature-tool.gif)

<br>
<br>

## Table Of Content

- [About](#about)
- [Why?](#why)
- [Built With](#built-with)
- [Project Overview](#project-overview)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Supported Email Providers](#supported-email-providers)
- [Project Status](#project-status)
- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
- [Project Team](#project-team)
- [License](#license)

## About

This is a project that aims to create an email signature generator for Nureply, which will be a free auxiliary tool to create professional email signatures. It has various inputs and ables customizations of them.

## Why?

Email signature generator tool is a valuable tool for individuals and organizations looking to enhance professionalism, maintain brand consistency, and streamline the process of creating and managing email signatures. It offers several benefits that contribute to more effective communication and branding in the digital world.

## Built With

The project team uses the following resources for the project:

- [![Next][Next.js]][Next-url]
- [![React][typescript]][typescriptp-url]
- [![Zustand][zustand]][zustand-url]
- [![Tailwind][tailwind]][tailwind-url]

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Project Overview

The project consists of the following components:

- Choose a Template
- Customize the Style
- Settle on the Design
- Integrate with Your Email

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

You need to have following prerequisites.

- Node.js 16.14 or later

### Installation

_Please follow the below instructions to install and setup the tool._

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/nureply/email-signature-generator.git
   ```
2. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
3. Run the app in development mode
   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Usage

You can follow below steps to learn how to use the tool.

#### Info

- You can start with clicking `start now` button

#### Step 1

- Select one of the layouts or continue with plaintext.
- Click next to continue next step.

#### Step 2

- Add your image url
- Change image size
- Add your personal information
- Add your social media links
- Click next to continue next step.

#### Step 3

- Select a custom font
- Change Font size
- Change icon size
- Change name, text, email and link color
- Click `copy` button
- Paste your signature to your email provider's signature section.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Supported Email Providers

- [x] Outlook
- [x] Yahoo
- [ ] Gmail

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Project Status

- **Development Stage:** Beta

  - Our project is currently in the beta phase, with most of the core features implemented and tested. We are actively seeking user feedback and bug reports to make the necessary improvements for a stable release.

- **Maintenance:** Active

  - We are actively maintaining and updating the project with bug fixes, performance enhancements, and new features.

- **Future Plans:**
  - We plan to add support for gmail integrations and improve the user interface based on user feedback.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Roadmap

- [x] Outlook compatibility
- [x] Yahoo compatibility
- [ ] Gmail compatibility

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Project Team

The project team is composed of three talented interns and two experienced mentors from the Nureply:

#### Interns

- **Onur Doğan**: Onur is a senior software engineering student at Çankaya Üniversitesi in Ankara, Türkiye. Interested in front-end development and game design.

- **Ege Oruç**: Ege is a computer engineering student at Özyeğin Üniversity in İstanbul, Türkiye. Interested in web development, algorithms and data structures

- **Hasan Uğur Ertem**: Hasan is a Management Information Systems student at Medipol Üniversity in Ankara, Türkiye. Interested in front-end development and cybersecurity

#### Mentors

- **Ayberk Uman**: Ayberk is bringing valuable industry experience to the team. He provides guidance and support to ensure the success of the project.

- **Ozan İşgör**: Ozan not only offers guidance but also actively contributes to the project's development.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## License

The project is licensed under the MIT License.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->

[Next.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white
[Next-url]: https://nextjs.org/
[typescript]: https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-358EF1?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white
[typescriptp-url]: https://www.typescriptlang.org/
[tailwind]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white
[tailwind-url]: https://tailwindcss.com/
[zustand]: https://img.shields.io/badge/zustand-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB
[zustand-url]: https://zustand-demo.pmnd.rs/
